you are not satisfied with the state of
your lawn and wanted to renovate it dlf
France specialist in the selection of
gas seed we present you step
step by step the way forward for the
renovate started with a very shave grave
to leave room for young grass
that you are going to sow
there are mistakes not to commit
in most cases return the
whole turf is not a good
solution
that's a lot of work and
risk of germinating bad
herbs present in the soil
if your turf and very overgrown with
foam you can apply a product
anti foam however the products to
iron base acidifies the soil and promotes
the development of the foam is necessary
yet fight it well because the
foam stifles the grass to prevent this
vicious circle preferred scarification
it eliminates the foam and the felt
airy and loosened soil is ready for the
sowing of grass during scarification
cross the passages for a result
more effective
you can use a scarifier
manual or pull the scarifier
consists of a rotating disc equipped with
thin metal blades that fits
in the first centimeters of the ground
to keep good quality grass
carry out scarification at least
once a year in the spring or
the autumn must follow a
relining seedlings
remove the waste by a passage of
lawn mowers equipped with its bin
finish with a rake
before sowing measure the surface for
estimate the amount of seeds
necessary for sowing by referring to
the dose above tells me on
packing
mix your grass seeds with
semi special soil so in one
operation you sow and you create a
environment conducive to installation
grass the presence of potting soil to
also for you benefit from
Easily locate locations already
sow
do not forget to mix the mixture well
before you start sowing
sowing on the fly the most
homogeneous possible for that cross your
crossings
to create a good contact between
seed and the earth proceed to a light
settlement on the surface with your feet
with a roll adapted finally
water abundantly during the first
weeks after sowing it is imperative
to monitor the rainfall
we have just told you how
renovate a sod damaged or invaded by
foam in some cases when the
grass is too deteriorated or too dirty
it may not be enough
so after a very short mowing we
you recommend applying a
total weed killer or tarpaulin
after ten days the grass
takes a yellowish tint proceed
then as previously stated
scarified sowing roll and water
visit our website www dot des
students france.fr